cmd/docs/backyards_istio_uninstall.md, before:

## backyards istio uninstall

Output or delete Kubernetes resources to uninstall Istio

### Synopsis

Output or delete Kubernetes resources to uninstall Istio.

The command automatically removes the resources.
It can only dump the removable resources with the '--dump-resources' option.

```
backyards istio uninstall [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  # Default uninstall.
  backyards istio uninstall

  # Uninstall Istio from a non-default namespace.
  backyards istio uninstall -n custom-istio-ns
```

### Options

```
  -d, --dump-resources        Dump resources to stdout instead of applying them
  -h, --help                  help for uninstall
      --release-name string   Name of the release (default "istio-operator")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --context string      Name of the kubeconfig context to use
  -c, --kubeconfig string   Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests
  -n, --namespace string    Namespace in which Istio is installed [$ISTIO_NAMESPACE] (default "istio-system")
  -v, --verbose             Turn on debug logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [backyards istio](backyards_istio.md)	 - Install and manage Istio

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 10-Sep-2019

Commit message:

Tracing support (#29)
* Add tracing resources

* Set zipkin address in Istio CR when installing Jaeger

* Change demoapp - backyards install order

* Add zipkin address by default to Istio config

* Work on tracing resources

* Work on tracing resources, update allSpark image

* Update Backyards chart and image versions

* Update backyards-demo chart version

* Fix lint

* Generate docs

* Update jsonpatch version

cmd/docs/backyards_istio_uninstall.md, after:

## backyards istio uninstall

Output or delete Kubernetes resources to uninstall Istio

### Synopsis

Output or delete Kubernetes resources to uninstall Istio.

The command automatically removes the resources.
It can only dump the removable resources with the '--dump-resources' option.

```
backyards istio uninstall [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  # Default uninstall.
  backyards istio uninstall

  # Uninstall Istio from a non-default namespace.
  backyards istio uninstall -n custom-istio-ns
```

### Options

```
  -d, --dump-resources        Dump resources to stdout instead of applying them
  -h, --help                  help for uninstall
      --release-name string   Name of the release (default "istio-operator")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --context string      name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --interactive         ask questions interactively even if stdin or stdout is non-tty
  -c, --kubeconfig string   path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests
  -n, --namespace string    Namespace in which Istio is installed [$ISTIO_NAMESPACE] (default "istio-system")
      --non-interactive     never ask questions interactively
  -o, --output string       output format (table|yaml|json) (default "table")
  -v, --verbose             turn on debug logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [backyards istio](backyards_istio.md)	 - Install and manage Istio

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 26-Sep-2019
